what's going on YouTube Cesar media here
today I'm responding to one of my
beavers request that was how did I
relocate my vanity from front of the car
to the rear in the trunk so first of all
the reason why I relocated my body from
front of the back it's a weight
distribution on the Evo a lot of weight
is distributed towards front of the car
so to get the 50/50 ratio or to try to
get as close to 50/50 as possible a lot
of people tend to get small parity or
relocate their body from front to the
rear of the car ideally you want to
install this on the passenger side
because when you're racing the car you
of course hitting the driver side by
driver side I mean the US so my evo is
left hand drive so to counterweight the
drivers way up up front on the left side
the ideal location for you to install
this body pack would be on the right
side here in the left hand drive Evo I
decided to install the battery pack on
the left
simply because it was more convenient
for me and over here is the windshield
bottle which I should really remove
because I don't need ride this coin ring
anymore but at the time I use daily
Drive my evil so that's the reason why I
decided to install a battery pack on the
left side so it's pretty simple though
all you have to do is connect the
negative and positive cable which goes
all the way up to the front of the car
which I will show you in a bit but there
are multiple companies that sell these
battery relocation kids in my case I
have dictator battery relocation kit but
honestly it's just a few boats with
stainless steel sheet metal that
surrounds the battery box so he one you
can make custom make this by yourself it
wouldn't be too hard if you are planning
on running your car competitively in one
of the racing divisions in you might
have a requirement that you have battery
box
air vent which is located here so they
might require you to run certain kind of
battery box that means the safety
standards but
in my case it's just a fun little card
that I drive on the streets and I don't
do any aggressive serious competitive
racing so tater battery box was okay for
me and you could imagine there's nothing
here in the trunk area when you begin
the installation process the hardest
part I guess is drilling the hole for
this boat go sir this boat actually goes
through the trunk I drilled a hole right
here on the right side and here on the
left side and there's a knot coming from
the bottom of the car holding this boat
in place and that's what basically shuts
down this battery it's a little loose
right now because I was I took the
battery out for the wintertime because I
don't drive this car in the winter
connection-wise you got the ground a lot
of people on the evos at least ground it
right here to the frame of the car you
can kind of see that I signed it down
the frame surface when I install this
initially so that you get good contact
between the connect between the terminal
to the frame you wanna make sure that
you have metal to metal surface contact
without any rust any corrosion built up
between that cause car would not start
or charge if that's the case a lot of
people also mount the ground terminal on
the only spare tire right here spare
tire boat here that's for the positive
side you got the positive terminal going
in to the trunk into the rear seats so
let me come over here and show you
what's going on here now I don't have
real seats in my car so it's really just
sitting here I know it's not a pretty
installation but it is what it is the
wurr cable comes through the rear of the
car in the rear passenger seat under the
passenger seat and it kind of hides into
the b-pillar area
and you essentially continue running so
the pillar under the dash and the cable
runs through the firewall so coming to
the front of the car you can kind of see
that cable coming out of the firewall on
the passenger side and you will run
across the engine bay and meet what the
stock battery connector was so it's not
a pretty job this was something I did
over the weekend outside in the parking
lot about five years ago but I do plan
on cleaning this up when I have the
opportunity so that was a quick
explanation of how the battery
relocation process went down on the
Evo's the stock battery is located in
this area so as you can see if you have
intercooler piping that runs through
this area you have to remove the battery
and rotate it to the back or go with the
smaller battery so you get that
clearance but it's really not that hard
to remove the battery from front to
front to the back of the car it really
gives you that much space in the engine
bay to walk with as well as distribute
that way from front to the rear of the
car so that's the guy just a quick
explanation of how everything was
installed if you have questions leave
them in the comment section below and
I'll try to answer them so thanks for
watching and see you in my next video